# Scrapper
 
## Requirements

Requires python3 and requests,bs4,json library.

`pip install requests bs4 json`

## Installation
#### install script

Clone the repository.

~~~
git clone https://github.com/Kaiyrkeldi/Scrapper.git
cd Scrapper 
~~~

#### Edit path

Specify the correct path to the file where the data will be saved. You need to edit `test.py` which is located in the test folder. In my case, this is so:
`sys.path.append('D:\\Study\\2 course\\4th trimestr\\Python\\Projects\\Scrapper')`
## Usage

~~~
cd Scrapper\test
python test.py
~~~

## Examples

You need to enter the name of the cryptocurrency for which you want to see the news.

## Usage example:

~~~

[{'news': 1, 'title': 'US Senator Reveals That She Had Stacked Up $100K Worth Of BTC In August', 'Paragraph 1': 'Senator Cynthia Lummis|backs her support for cryptocurrencies|by increasing her BTC holdings. Her latest purchase in August saw her purchase between $50K to $100K worth of Bitcoins.', 'Paragraph 2': 'Through a Periodic Transaction Report filed in conjunction with the rules, it was disclosed that Senator Lummis had increased her BTC holdings through her latest purchase. The buy was effectuated through a U.S Bitcoin exchange, River Financial on August 16 and is valued between $50,000 – $100,000.', 'Paragraph 3': 'The filing was done outside the 45-day window provided by the Stop Trading on Congressional Knowledge (STOCK) Act, which a spokesperson from the Senator’s office noted was “an honest mistake” due to a filing error. The Act was enacted to prohibit members and employees of Congress from utilizing non-public information for private profit. However, the 45-day rule does not apply to some assets like Treasury bills and EIFs but they still need to be unveiled once a year. The spokesperson from the Senator’s office noted that the issue had been resolved with no penalties after clarification with the Ethics committee.', 'Paragraph 4': 'At the time of her purchase, BTC was trading at around $45K and now trades at $55,074. The Wyoming Senator’s purchase was done barely two weeks after she attempted to include an amendment to limit the definition of who could be considered as a cryptocurrency broker under the Infrastructure Bill.', 'Paragraph 5': 'Senator Lummis’ affiliation with Bitcoins began in 2013 when she first purchased the asset class. At the time, Bitcoin traded around $320 and in April 2021, her BTC holdings were anywhere between $100,000 – $250,000.', 'Paragraph 6': 'In an interview with CNBC, she remarked that she would like “to see cryptocurrency, like bitcoin, become part of a diversified asset allocation that is used in retirement funds and other opportunities for people to save for the future”. She was a guest at the Bitcoin Conference in 2021 and has revealed that she embraced the asset class because she was on the lookout for “great stores of value”.', 'Paragraph 7': 'Despite her support for the asset class, Lummis has criticized the recent regime of stablecoins and has called for increased cryptocurrency regulation for them. She noted that they should 100% be cash-backed and audits must be regularly conducted for investor protection. Aside from Lummis, Sen. Pat Toomey has also made a sizable investment in cryptocurrencies after he purchased $15,000 in the Grayscale Bitcoin Trust in June.', 'Paragraph 8': 'American regulators remain indecisive on their stance on cryptocurrencies. The move by a serving Senator to purchase a considerable sum of BTC adds as a small win for cryptocurrency enthusiasts who are hoping for a flexible regime of regulations.', 'Paragraph 9': ''}, {'news': 2, 'title': 'Voting period for Mt. Gox civil rehabilitation plan finally ends', 'Paragraph 1': 'Join us on|Twitter|or|Telegram', 'Paragraph 2': 'Tokyo-based crypto exchange Mt. Gox shut down in 2014 after it lost Bitcoin (BTC) worth $450 million at the time to unknown hackers. The hack and the subsequent closure of what was then one of the largest crypto exchanges in the world affected nearly 24,000 creditors.', 'Paragraph 3': 'In June 2018, Japanese courts green-lighted a petition for a civil rehabilitation that will allow Mt. Gox creditors to get compensation for their losses, but the process was marked by delays and legal disputes. In December 2020, the Tokyo District Court accepted the current draft of the rehabilitation plan and then issued an order in February to allow claimants to vote on it.', 'Paragraph 4': 'The voting|process began|on May 31 giving creditors over four months to cast their votes either by mail or electronically. The voting period ended on Friday, October 8.', 'Paragraph 5': 'At least half of the creditors’ voting shares should vote “yes” to pass the plan.\xa0 Prior to the deadline, Blockstream founder Adam Back urged claimants to cast their votes since the votes of those who failed to respond are automatically considered a “no.”', 'Paragraph 6': "LAST REMINDER if you got|@mtgox|'ed you really need to vote for the rehabilitation plan. missing votes count as NO (stupid I know). if they don't get enough YES votes matching > 50% of claim value, you don't get paid. VOTE NOW vote ends TOMORROW friday 8th|https://t.co/XH5e8BtTnA", 'Paragraph 7': 'As to whether or not the rehabilitation plan was approved, a coordinator of the creditors’ group MtGoxLegal reportedly said that creditors have been asking the Tokyo District court representative and the Trustee for an indication of whether or not the yes votes met the 50 percent threshold.', 'Paragraph 8': '“If we had been able to get an update, say, after half of the voting period had passed, and that update indicated that the participation rate in the vote was worryingly low, then we could have tried to fundraise and allocate those funds to bring more attention to the issue,” the unnamed coordinator|told|Coindesk|.', 'Paragraph 9': 'If the plan is accepted, creditors would be partially compensated for their losses in Japanese yen, Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash (BCH). Otherwise, the process would revert to Mt. Gox bankruptcy.', 'Paragraph 10': 'The MtGoxLegal coordinator said that there is a huge difference between what creditors would get under the civil rehabilitation plan and what they would receive if the process is reverted to bankruptcy, so claimants are likely to vote in support of the rehabilitation plan.', 'Paragraph 11': '', 'Paragraph 12': 'Buy & sell crypto', 'Paragraph 13': 'What we like:', 'Paragraph 14': 'Highly credible broker', 'Paragraph 15': 'Perfect for beginners', 'Paragraph 16': 'Protected by insurance', 'Paragraph 17': '80+ cryptocurrencies to invest', 'Paragraph 18': 'Rating', 'Paragraph 19': '', 'Paragraph 20': 'Join us on|Twitter|or|Telegram', 'Paragraph 21': 'Or follow us on|Flipboard', 'Paragraph 22': 'Like the article? Vote up or share on your social media', 'Paragraph 23': 'Weekly Finance Digest', 'Paragraph 24': 'Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.', 'Paragraph 25': '', 'Paragraph 26': 'By subscribing you agree with Finbold|T&C’s', 'Paragraph 27': 'Rhodilee Jean Dolor is an experienced journalist covering finance, business, digital assets news. She aims to bring accurate and verified information to Finbold readers daily.', 'Paragraph 28': 'Copyright © 2019-2021|Finbold.com', 'Paragraph 29': 'Weekly Finance Digest', 'Paragraph 30': 'Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.', 'Paragraph 31': '', 'Paragraph 32': 'By subscribing you agree with Finbold|T&C’s', 'Paragraph 33': 'DISCLAIMER|WARNING: The content on this site should not be considered investment advice. Investing is speculative. When investing your capital is at risk. This site is not intended for use in jurisdictions in which the trading or investments described are prohibited and should only be used by such persons and in such ways as are legally permitted. Your investment may not qualify for investor protection in your country or state of residence, so please conduct your own due diligence. This website is free for you to use but we may receive commission from the companies we feature on this site.', 'Paragraph 34': 'Or copy link'}, {'news': 3, 'title': "Vitalik Buterin: El Salvador's Bitcoin Approach Is 'Contrary to the Ideals' of Crypto", 'Paragraph 1': 'Menu', 'Paragraph 2': 'Reading', 'Paragraph 3': 'Search', 'Paragraph 4': 'About', 'Paragraph 5': 'Ethereum co-founder, Vitalik Buterin. Image: Shutterstock', 'Paragraph 6': "In a surprise Reddit post on Friday, Ethereum co-founder Vitalik Buterin had strong words for El Salvador's|Bitcoin rollout|, and specifically President Nayib Bukele for|forcing local businesses|to accept the top cryptocurrency.", 'Paragraph 7': 'After a Reddit user on the r/cryptocurrency subreddit posted: "Unpopular opinion: El Salvador president Mr Nayab (sic) Bukele should not be praised by crypto community,"|Buterin replied|: "Nothing unpopular about this opinion. Making it mandatory for businesses to accept a specific cryptocurrency is contrary to the ideals of freedom that are supposed to be so important to the crypto space."', 'Paragraph 8': 'Buterin\'s post continued:\xa0"This tactic of pushing BTC to millions of people in El Salvador at the same time with almost no attempt at prior education is reckless, and risks a large number of innocent people getting hacked or scammed. Shame on everyone (ok, fine, I\'ll call out the main people responsible: shame on|Bitcoin maximalists|) who are uncritically praising him."', 'Paragraph 9': 'Indeed, Bukele\'s embrace of Bitcoin as legal tender, first|announced with great fanfare|at the Bitcoin Miami conference in June, has earned him raves from some of the|loudest voices in Bitcoin|. Those same Bitcoin flag-wavers have been less eager to talk about the young president\'s|well-documented authoritarian tendencies|and the less savory aspects of his government\'s Bitcoin rollout. One Salvadoran business owner, requiring anonymity, told|Decrypt, "|It crushes my soul to see Bitcoin maximalists around the world cheering this when, if they actually sat down and read the law and regulations, it is completely opposite to everything they preach."', 'Paragraph 10': "And Buterin isn't the only voice in crypto speaking out about the contradictions in forcing an open, decentralized technology on business owners.", 'Paragraph 11': 'At the TOKEN2049 conference in London just this week, Blockchain.com co-founder|Nicolas Cary said during a panel|, "I think there’s some valid criticisms of how the program is rolled out in El Salvador in terms of being top down. One of the main ethos of crypto is that there’s really grassroots adoption, and people are doing it voluntarily."', 'Paragraph 12': 'Buterin didn\'t stop at his first post. Further down in the same thread, when the original poster commented: "It\'s like [Bukele] pushed it because he bought at cheaper price and knew a country adopting a crypto would alone take the price high enough to make him rich," Buterin replied, "Simpler and dumber hypothesis: both for political reasons and because he\'s a human being like the rest of us, he just loves being praised by people he considers powerful (ie. Americans).|Bitcoin maximalists|are a very easy community to get to praise you: you just have to be in a position of power and do or say nice things about them and their coin."', 'Paragraph 13': 'The original poster replied to Buterin: "Elon did the|same exact thing|, now Bukele exploiting emotions of the community."', 'Paragraph 14': 'Read on the Decrypt App for the best experience.', 'Paragraph 15': 'For the best experience, top crypto news at your fingertips and exclusive features download now.', 'Paragraph 16': 'Menu', 'Paragraph 17': 'Search', 'Paragraph 18': 'About'}, {'news': 4, 'title': 'Dell CEO Michael Dell Snubs Bitcoin', 'Paragraph 1': 'Michael Dell, the founder and CEO of Dell Technologies, is not buying into the|Bitcoin|craze.|In a wide-ranging|interview with DealBook|, the American businessman with an estimated net worth of $53.3 billion said that he was going to pass on the oldest and biggest cryptocurrency.|Yet, he believes that that blockchain, the technology at the core of Bitcoin, is actually “underrated”:', 'Paragraph 2': 'I think blockchain is probably underrated. Bitcoin, I’m going to pass on that. I don’t really know.', 'Paragraph 3': 'Ironically,|Dell|became one of the first major companies to start accepting the largest cryptocurrency for its products all the way back in July 2014. In February 2015, it expanded the new payment option internationally.|In October 2017, Dell dropped support for Bitcoin due to “low demand.”', 'Paragraph 4': 'Dell is now the largest merchant to accept|#bitcoin|internationally.|http://t.co/ttSeDp4w46', 'Paragraph 5': '', 'Paragraph 6': 'Early this year,|Tesla|started accepting Bitcoin payments but then suspended them indefinitely due to the cryptocurrency’s adverse environmental impact.', 'Paragraph 7': '', 'Paragraph 8': 'Alex Dovbnya (aka AlexMorris) is a cryptocurrency expert, trader and journalist with extensive experience of covering everything related to the burgeoning industry — from price analysis to Blockchain disruption. Alex authored more than 1,000 stories for U.Today, CryptoComes and other fintech media outlets. He’s particularly interested in regulatory trends around the globe that are shaping the future of digital assets, can be contacted at alex.dovbnya@u.today.', 'Paragraph 9': 'Disclaimer: Any financial and market information given on U.Today is written for informational purpose only. Conduct your own research by contacting financial experts before making any investment decisions.'}, {'news': 5, 'title': 'Why This Executive Predicted Bitcoin Will Be Legal Tender In 5 Countries By 2022', 'Paragraph 1': 'Bitcoinist has followed closely the rollout of The Bitcoin Law in El Salvador. Via the National Congress, this country gave BTC the status of legal tender, the implications of this action are still under scrutiny but point toward a new phase of adoption for the crypto industry.', 'Paragraph 2': 'Related Reading ||News From El Salvador, Early October: The Chivo Ecosystem’s Stress Test', 'Paragraph 3': 'In a recent|post|, the CEO of crypto exchange BitMEX Alexander Höptner took a deeper look into the situation in El Salvador, the reasons why Bitcoin makes sense in developing countries, and the opposition given by financial international institutions. Höptner made the following prediction:', 'Paragraph 4': 'My prediction is that by the end of next year, we’ll have at least five countries that accept Bitcoin as legal tender. All of them will be developing countries.', 'Paragraph 5': 'The executive based his arguments on the importance of Bitcoin in countries such as El Salvador. Long forgotten by the traditional finance system, they have little to no influence in the decisions that come from the U.S. Federal Reserve and other major central banks around the globe.', 'Paragraph 6': 'They usually impact the way their citizens live, trade, send money over from abroad. The COVID-19 pandemic has proven that central banks are willing to expand their monetary supply, create inflation, and affect their population in order to maintain the system running.', 'Paragraph 7': 'Bitcoin is a way to opt-out of that system or, at the very least as Höptner said, to “choose to try something new”. The executive said:', 'Paragraph 8': 'What the critics fail to recognize is that developing countries like El Salvador are leading the world in embracing decentralized digital currencies and payments. They’ve had decades to analyze how the global financial system works – and doesn’t work – for their populations.', 'Paragraph 9': 'According to the CEO of BitMEX, there are 3 major variables that will play an important role in fulfilling his prophecy: remittances, politics, inflation. The first is one of Bitcoin’s most relevant use cases, and one of the main reasons why El Salvador decided to implement its BTC law.', 'Paragraph 10': 'Related Reading ||By The Numbers: How Much Western Union And MoneyGram Will Lose From El Salvador’s Bitcoin Law', 'Paragraph 11': 'For the executive, remittances are a factor that “cannot be overstated” especially in developing countries around the world. In El Salvador alone, remittance accounts for over 20% of the country’s GDP in 2020.', 'Paragraph 12': 'Quoting data from the World Bank, Höptner claims that 75% of the global remittances are received by low and middle-income countries.', 'Paragraph 13': 'A large portion of that is lost to third-party companies that provide the service, right until a population discovers how much cheaper it’s to send money via Bitcoin or its second-layer solution, the Lightning Network. The CEO of BitMEX said:', 'Paragraph 14': 'US$540 billion in remittances reached low and middle income countries in 2020. That number would be a lot higher – and families in developing countries would be in a better position – with a cheaper method of remitting funds.', 'Paragraph 15': 'Additional data cited by Höptner from the IMF predicts average inflation of 5.4% for developing countries and 2.4% in developed countries. This will create incentives for people to look for alternatives to fiat currency and traditional investments to protect themselves from the impact on “consumer goods and services”.', 'Paragraph 16': 'As an example, the executive mentioned the increase in crypto adoption in Turkey. The national currency of this country has been heavily hit by inflation. Conversely, Bitcoin and crypto adoption surged.', 'Paragraph 17': 'Finally, Höptner pointed out that the Bitcoin Law in El Salvador will have other politicians in different countries trying to implement similar measures to their benefit. Crypto has become a “cultural touchstone”, a symbol of the lack of trust and faith in traditional institutions.', 'Paragraph 18': 'Related Reading ||The President Shows El Salvador’s Volcano Bitcoin Mining Rig’s “First Steps”', 'Paragraph 19': 'Thus, politicians could attempt to capture the interest of young people and those that lost their faith in the status quo. This has the potential for great success, but not without its risks:', 'Paragraph 20': '(…) it’s also true that any failings by these leaders in the implementation phase may hurt wider adoption of cryptocurrencies in general. That’s the dangerous dilemma that lies ahead.', 'Paragraph 21': 'At the time of writing, BTC trades at $55,130 with a 1.8% profit in the daily chart.', 'Paragraph 22': 'For updates and exclusive offers enter your email.', 'Paragraph 23': '', 'Paragraph 24': 'Bitcoin news portal providing breaking news, guides, price analysis about decentralized digital money & blockchain technology.', 'Paragraph 25': '© 2021|Bitcoinist|. All Rights Reserved.'}, {'news': 6, 'title': 'Bitcoin Price Analysis: BTC Heading for a Critical Weekly Close, Will $52.9k Hold?', 'Paragraph 1': 'BTC had an impressive run this week, managing to push above a key downtrend line and the September high at $52.9k. It managed to hit an intraweek high of $56.1k, digging deeper into the $55k to $58k zone of technical and on-chain resistance.', 'Paragraph 2': 'The rally so far has shown profit-taking from much younger coins, while the older cohorts continue to steadily hold. Although many weak hands who bought BTC above $50k earlier this year panic sold during the May liquidation wipe out, we can expect some remaining investors looking to break even add near term selling pressure, especially between $55k to $58k.', 'Paragraph 3': 'Given the technical and heavy on-chain realized price distribution in the $55k to $58k zone, it could take BTC multiple attempts to push above these levels, before confirming a large breakout towards the previous all time highs at $64.8k.', 'Paragraph 4': 'Near-term technicals, especially on the 4-hour chart, reached moderately overbought levels, suggesting a consolidation or small pullback is needed before preparing for the next major move. At the moment, BTC continues to remain above the September high at $52.9k, a very important level. Bitcoin needs to make a weekly close above it in order to continue the breakout and validate the bear trap.', 'Paragraph 5': 'A weekly close above $52.9k is a very bullish signal and increases the probability of retesting the $55k to $58k zone of resistance. The more resistance is tested, the weaker it becomes, further increasing the probability of breaking above resistance if enough buyers come into the market.', 'Paragraph 6': 'In addition to BTC reaching near-term overbought levels, the past few days saw a slight uptick in spot exchange reserves, as younger coins began to take profit. This is a near term cautious signal, but we have to keep in mind reserves remain at multi-year lows.', 'Paragraph 7': 'Spot exchange reserves have been trending lower the entire year, as investors continued to buy BTC and withdraw from exchanges, adding to the massive supply shock.', 'Paragraph 8': 'Bitcoin bulls are anxiously waiting for the weekly close to see if BTC can push above the critical $52.9k level. If they can maintain buying pressure and push BTC above $58k, the probability of retesting all-time significantly increases, as there is much less resistance above $60k.', 'Paragraph 9': 'Global Risk-On Trade Coming Back?', 'Paragraph 10': 'The SPX managed to hold a key intraweek low and printed multiple daily closes higher suggesting a double bottom and reversal developing. The dollar has been flat with money flowing out of longer-term bonds suggesting the risk-on trade could be coming back as investors attempt to get past near term uncertainties.', 'Paragraph 11': 'Overall, the trend in fundamental, technicals, and on-chain remain firmly bullish, as the long term holders firmly held despite this year’s severe drawdowns, FUD, liquidation events, and uncertainty. The recent price action has shown the bulls are firmly gaining back control from the bears. The outperformance of Bitcoin relative to other risk assets during major risk-off events in September is a major sign of strength for the largest cryptocurrency, suggesting continuing outperformance once markets resume risk on.', 'Paragraph 12': 'The weekly close relative to $52.9k will likely determine BTC’s direction for the coming weeks.', 'Paragraph 13': 'Dan is a cryptocurrency technician and on-chain analyst with 11 years of experience in equity markets and over 4 years in crypto markets.  Dan’s background and deep understanding of Finance and Economics have sparked a deep passion for the cryptocurrency markets, especially in Bitcoin. Dan leads multiple private crypto investment groups and analyzes the crypto markets regularly.|Follow Dan|on Twitter', 'Paragraph 14': '', 'Paragraph 15': 'Sign-up FREE to receive our extended weekly market update and coin analysis report'}, {'news': 7, 'title': "BTC/USD Bulls Eyeing 57173:  Sally Ho's Technical Analysis 10 October 2021 BTC", 'Paragraph 1': 'Advertisement', 'Paragraph 2': 'Advertisement', 'Paragraph 3': 'Bitcoin (|BTC/USD|)|extended recent|gains|early in the|North American|session as traders continued to add to|long positions above|important|technical levels|, including the|51109.18|area that represents the|61.8% retracement|of the|depreciating range|from|64899|to|28800|.\xa0 Traders have|elected|many|Stops above key technical levels|in recent|trading|sessions, including the|44697|,|46272|,|46849|,|47847|,|49795|,|50089|,|51109|, and|52944 levels|.|Buying pressure|has also taken place around the|50-hour simple moving average|in recent trading sessions.', 'Paragraph 4': 'Additional|upside retracement levels|and areas of|potential technical resistance|include the|56379.64|and|57173.81 levels|.\xa0 Following the pair’s recent|gains|,|downside retracement levels|and areas of|potential technical support|include the|52215|,|49805|,|47856|,|45907|,|43497|, and|43133 levels|.|Traders are\xa0observing\xa0that the|50-bar MA (4-hourly)|is|bullishly indicating above|the|100-bar MA (4-hourly)|and|above|the|200-bar MA (4-hourly).|Also, the|50-bar MA (hourly)|is|bullishly|indicating|above|the|100-bar MA (hourly)|and|above|the|200-bar MA (hourly)|.', 'Paragraph 5': 'Price activity is nearest the|50-bar MA|(4-hourly) at|49678.39|and the|50-bar MA|(Hourly) at|54445.99|.', 'Paragraph 6': 'Technical Support|is expected around|39600/ 37401.27/ 34881.40|with|Stops|expected below.', 'Paragraph 7': 'Technical Resistance|is expected around|53025.00/ 54088.38/ 55841.04|with|Stops|expected above.', 'Paragraph 8': 'On|4-Hourly|chart,|SlowK|is|Bullishly above SlowD|while|MACD|is|Bearishly below MACDAverage.', 'Paragraph 9': 'On|60-minute|chart,|SlowK|is|Bearishly below SlowD|while|MACD|is|Bullishly above MACDAverage|.', 'Paragraph 10': '', 'Paragraph 11': 'Disclaimer: This trading analysis is provided by a third party, and for informational purposes only. It does not reflect the views of Crypto Daily, nor is it intended to be used as legal, tax, investment, or financial advice.', 'Paragraph 12': 'Related TAGS:', 'Paragraph 13': 'You can share this post!', 'Paragraph 14': 'Advertisement', 'Paragraph 15': 'Advertisement', 'Paragraph 16': 'Advertisement', 'Paragraph 17': '', 'Paragraph 18': '', 'Paragraph 19': '', 'Paragraph 20': '', 'Paragraph 21': '', 'Paragraph 22': 'Advertisement', 'Paragraph 23': 'Copyright © 2021 CryptoDaily™'}, {'news': 8, 'title': 'Bitcoin (BTC) in Congress: Senator Lummis discloses buying the dip', 'Paragraph 1': 'Earn up to 12% APY on Bitcoin, Ethereum, USD, EUR, GBP, Stablecoins & more.', 'Paragraph 2': 'Crypto-friendly Wyoming Senator purchased a substantial amount of Bitcoin back in August, an overdue filling revealed.', 'Paragraph 3': 'Republican Senator Cynthia Lummis beefed up her crypto portfolio less than two weeks after an unsuccessful attempt to insert an amendment into the|controversial|Senate-passed infrastructure bill,|CNBC|report revealed.', 'Paragraph 4': 'An overdue filing on Thursday showed that Wyoming State Senator reportedly bought up to $100,000 worth of Bitcoin (|BTC|) on August 16.', 'Paragraph 5': 'Senator’s August purchase of Bitcoin worth between $50,001 and $100,000 was filed on Thursday, and as such, disclosed outside of the 45-day reporting deadline set by The Stop Trading on Congressional Knowledge (STOCK) Act, according to|CNBC|.', 'Paragraph 6': 'According to the Act, members of Congress are required to disclose their individual stocks, bonds and commodity futures sales and purchases within 45 days following the transaction.', 'Paragraph 7': '“Once we realized it we worked with the Ethics committee to fix it,” a spokesperson at Lummis’ office told|CNBC|, stating that the delay was “an honest mistake,” caused by “a filing error,” and that “the issue has been resolved without penalty.”', 'Paragraph 8': 'Lummis’ August investment marked one of the first congressional cryptocurrency purchases, according to Quiver Quantitative, the report noted.', 'Paragraph 9': 'The alternative data company that tracks senators’ trading activities disclosed that the only other significant bet in crypto was made by|Pat Toomey|, as Pennsylvania Senator bought up to $15,000 of|Grayscale|Ethereum Trust and up to $15,000 Grayscale Bitcoin Trust in June,|CNBC|revealed, citing Quiver Quantitative.', 'Paragraph 10': 'The|Wyden-Lummis-Toomey|amendment to the controversial|infrastructure bill|, which attempted to limit the problematically broad definition of who qualifies as a crypto broker, failed to pass due to a surprise intervention by Senator Richard Shelby, two weeks prior Lummis grew her stake in Bitcoin.', 'Paragraph 11': 'Lummis’ Bitcoin disclosure drew attention in the past, noted the report, reminding that earlier in April she filed her annual financial disclosure form with the Senate, without including Bitcoin. An amended disclosure, which she filed a week later, uncovered Lummis owned between $100,000 and $250,000 worth of Bitcoin.', 'Paragraph 12': 'In June, the Wyoming Senator|disclosed|to the press that she owned five Bitcoin, revealing that she started investing in the crypto back in 2013, when its price was at $330.', 'Paragraph 13': 'Ad:|Up to 20x margin on FTX.', 'Paragraph 14': 'Access more crypto insights and context in every article as a paid member of|CryptoSlate Edge|.', 'Paragraph 15': 'Senator Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania said that China’s authoritarian crackdown on crypto should be taken as an advantage by the US.', 'Paragraph 16': 'The House Rules Committee has blocked infrastructure bill changes and voted 220-212 to lock in the procedure, with a resolution approved on Tuesday afternoon.', 'Paragraph 17': 'In a Tuesday interview with news outlet CNBC, US Senator Cynthia Lummis said Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies should be a part of one’s retirement portfolio alongside other assets as they are a good store-of-value.', 'Paragraph 18': 'Commitment to Transparency:|The author of this article is invested and/or has an interest in one or more assets discussed in this post. CryptoSlate does not endorse any project or asset that may be mentioned or linked to in this article. Please take that into consideration when evaluating the content within this article.', 'Paragraph 19': "Disclaimer:|Our writers' opinions are solely their own and do not reflect the opinion of CryptoSlate. None of the information you read on CryptoSlate should be taken as investment advice, nor does CryptoSlate endorse any project that may be mentioned or linked to in this article. Buying and trading cryptocurrencies should be considered a high-risk activity. Please do your own due diligence before taking any action related to content within this article. Finally, CryptoSlate takes no responsibility should you lose money trading cryptocurrencies.", 'Paragraph 20': 'Access more crypto insights in every article as a paid member of|CryptoSlate Edge|.', 'Paragraph 21': 'This week, Bank of America (BoA) published a favorable crypto report detailing its analysis of the sector.', 'Paragraph 22': 'Renowned Bitcoin (BTC) investor and market analyst, Tuur Demeester, recently reminded his army of more than 200,000 Twitter followers about a certain market sentiment indicator.', 'Paragraph 23': 'Sales volumes of non-fungible tokens (NFTs) surged to $10.7 billion in the third quarter of 2021, according to DappRadar’s latest blockchain industry report.', 'Paragraph 24': 'James Bowater founded CryptoAM as a section within the respected online CityA.M.', 'Paragraph 25': 'Mongolia’s leading cryptocurrency, IHC, will join forces with former heavyweight world champion Deontay “The Bronze Bomber” Wilder for the WBC World Heavyweight Championship at T-Mobile Arena, Las Vegas on October 9th.', 'Paragraph 26': 'Got a story tip? Email|[email\xa0protected]', 'Paragraph 27': 'Disclaimer:|By using this website, you agree to our|Terms and Conditions|and|Privacy Policy|. CryptoSlate has no affiliation or relationship with any coin, business, project or event unless explicitly stated otherwise. CryptoSlate is only an informational website that provides news about coins, blockchain companies, blockchain products and blockchain events. None of the information you read on CryptoSlate should be taken as investment advice. Buying and trading cryptocurrencies should be considered a high-risk activity. Please do your own diligence before making any investment decisions. CryptoSlate is not accountable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss incurred, alleged or otherwise, in connection to the use or reliance of any content you read on the site.', 'Paragraph 28': '© 2021 CryptoSlate. All rights reserved.|Terms|||Privacy', 'Paragraph 29': ''}, {'news': 9, 'title': 'SEC May Approve Four Bitcoin ETFs', 'Paragraph 1': 'October 9, 2021 2:31 pm|0', 'Paragraph 2': 'The Securities and Exchanges Commission (SEC) may approve four bitcoin Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) on its desk for a decision this month.', 'Paragraph 3': 'Gary Gensler, the Biden appointed SEC chairman, has strongly hinted that ETFs under the more stringent Investment Company Act of 1940, rather than the Securities Act1933, may be approved.', 'Paragraph 4': 'A number of such ETFs have been filed, and they’re now for a decision with James Seyffart, an ETF analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence, stating:', 'Paragraph 5': '“We are pretty bullish on approval here. We just can’t see Gensler and the SEC going out of their way to state positive comments about a 1940-act Bitcoin futures ETF at the end of September and then denying all of them less than a month later.”', 'Paragraph 6': 'Such potentially approved ETFs are expected to be based on bitcoin futures with Barry Silbert, who runs the stock traded Grayscale bitcoin and crypto trusts, stating: “word of the day: contango.”', 'Paragraph 7': 'Contango is a situation where the futures price of a commodity is higher than the spot price. His suggestion obviously being there will be more demand for an ETF than spot buying.', 'Paragraph 8': 'Such a situation can only arise if there is no arbitrage opportunity. That may be the case with a futures based ETF as you can’t redeem the asset, but you can potentially hedge.', 'Paragraph 9': 'A futures ETF moreover would be more volatile as it would be subject to expiring futures contracts at the end of each month. A spot ETF thus would probably be more appealing for long term investors, but it would probably be more expensive due to insurance requirements for custody holdings.', 'Paragraph 10': '“Ready to tango,” Zhu Su of Three Arrows Capital said in reply to Silbert, suggesting some in the crypto space are excited about these new potential ETFs.', 'Paragraph 11': '“The odds of approval in the next month are better than 50/50,” said Dave Nadig, chief investment officer at data-provider ETF Trends.', 'Paragraph 12': 'So eight years on, crypto may finally get its ETF which could open the way for more institutional long term investors.', 'Paragraph 13': 'October 9, 2021 1:26 pm', 'Paragraph 14': 'October 9, 2021 11:57 am', 'Paragraph 15': 'October 8, 2021 1:23 pm', 'Paragraph 16': 'Your email address will not be published.', 'Paragraph 17': '', 'Paragraph 18': 'You may use these HTML tags and attributes:|<a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong>', 'Paragraph 19': '', 'Paragraph 20': '', 'Paragraph 21': '', 'Paragraph 22': '', 'Paragraph 23': '', 'Paragraph 24': '', 'Paragraph 25': '', 'Paragraph 26': '', 'Paragraph 27': 'Donate Bitcoin:|1B7c473bVm46pZYr1ciGXxp94CDjh7b3mH', 'Paragraph 28': 'Donate BCH:|127tPqDXSaCvdyKHHJR2crYhhEGWKrTPVZ', 'Paragraph 29': 'Donate Ethereum:|0xcEbe95616a6Ef08a271CdCa395d46a7fB4e7573a', 'Paragraph 30': ''}, {'news': 10, 'title': "Bitcoin: Forget The News Cycle, It's About Accumulation"}]
~~~

## License
[MIT](https://github.com/Kaiyrkeldi/Scrapper/blob/main/LICENSE)